what's up guys your boy scion and I am
back and we're gonna look at a new build
today it was not really a new build it's
just a rehash of a build and what I did
was I went back and looked into a white
magician and had a few problems one that
had overkill the new way that the game
is made now believe it or not you had so
much mana regen and I wanted to get rid
of that and when I have more utility so
what I did was I replaced the skills
dummy well the spells I had originally
and I went witchcraft and I went Sun
craft now when someone crafts because
I'm actually going to be using startling
strain which is basically a stun and
it's a good stunt business stop sending
me for two seconds it's really good and
it doesn't actually break when you do
damage on things so you can get extra
cast out and everything I'm not going to
also use various things like use dag use
on syncopation and I'm gonna use
generally all of this right here so
you're looking at six points since a
song craft that's about it I'm probably
just gonna use that you can also mix and
match and change it which is good
because there's less no less gold to
spend on actually switching classes back
in the four if you can just if you want
to go for something different if you
want to go for maybe a little bit CC
break and a lot of type of stuff you can
go out of that you want to go more
support you can go out of that just you
just basically don't have to change out
have anything really good which just
saves your gold in the long run if you
care about those sort of things and I
went in and I want to actually have this
decrease of cast time to go together
with the decrease over here so you have
a basically spamming it's just really
spam and then you have a really good CC
ability come in and witchcraft and then
you just have the natural power of going
into sorcery if you go deep into sorcery
you pretty much I have a lot of damage
like they made it so that going deep
into a damage tree is actually better
compared the way it used to before it
was like you can go out with other trees
and then mitchum match to put things
together but now it's more it's better
actually
it's a sorcery so pretty much you see I
don't have the ice spell which you could
use it if you want to news is I'm gonna
give you guys the link so now I'm bill
calculator it's like I show you how I do
but me personally right now I don't
really need it I just go in the firewall
like Bam Bam Bam and see he's not gonna
be person who's gonna come over here so
this is just not very useful okay he
will come over here so let me throw on
the insulating lens and what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna start charging like that
now he's done in that even though I
don't know why he came over dude already
help but yeah this this pretty much that
you can just start to add in your other
skills those of you who are useless or
you you know about that type of stuff so
you don't have to worry about anything
else anybody else who's new to the game
this would be very easy for you you
don't have to worry so much about
anything get in there do all that damage
so he died before I can even get the
stun out so let's stun this guy first
and that guy hit him but doesn't matter
cuz he's gonna come to me
and that's about it see barely lose any
damage you know barely losing any any
mana just is what it is
hope you guys enjoy the build it's
definitely fun it's Healy remember this
is leveling build
this is not you know meant for strong
DPS even though it can be if you meant
to match it and you can use it in
dungeons as well you can actually save
people especially with the UM the song
craft stuff so definitely get at me if
you like it if you like it better than
the whole white magician or if you want
me to continue the white magician ivory
we don't think anybody needs that but if
that's the case by all means get at me
and that's about it I'm gonna have more
videos on our gauge come in I'm not too
sure about the ninja builds because the
ninja build it seemed like you already
got the dock runner so you don't really
need us making ninja build maybe I don't
know if people want to still see that I
might still do it but I'm kind of
thinking it's not needed so you guys be
legendary and I will catch you later
peace thanks for watching me Sion storm
I do anything and everything MMO so if
you like what you saw here please like
and subscribe please follow me on
Twitter and twitch and get at me or any
social media that you feel I am on there
holla at me be legendary that we'll see
you next time